now a look at the world's largest
collection of archival material
specifically related to political
assassinations the interview is with Jim
lace our president of the assassination
archives and research center it's about
three minutes we're in the assassination
archives and research center what is
your mission we collect preserve and
disseminate information on political
assassinations who in the public or
private sector uses the archives
well now it's varied over time there are
a lot of freelance researchers that have
used us there are authors of major books
on the Kennedy assassination that use us
currently Joan Mellon who is writing a
biography of district New Orleans
District Attorney Jim Garrison has used
us so there are journalists and writers
or our primary you know users how much
does it cost to use the archives well
there's no charge for simply using the
archives there are charges for Doppler
for coming here there's a charge for
document duplication or photographic
free duplication how many other archives
and research centers are there that deal
with assassinations well I don't really
know that this is certainly the largest
private archive in in the United States
on the assassination of President
Kennedy there is the sixth floor Museum
in in Texas but I don't think that it
has documentary holdings that anywhere
approach
these here who are some of the other
people who the documents in this
research centre deal with well Robert
Kennedy George Wallace we have a variety
of materials want for example on other
assassinations Lumumba in the Congo in
particular what difference does this
archives Research Center make what why
is it here
well I think it gives people a central
location where they can go to get
information that would otherwise be
difficult to come by
how large are your Holdings here well I
I suspect that the total holdings are
around 2 million pages altogether what
if anything do you have in addition to
written material we have photographs we
have films we have the writings of many
researchers and and authors we have
voluminous newspaper clippings magazine
articles everything that an archive
would seek to collect in connection with
the study of this subject